Nakayama Racecourse ninth race illumination jump
Stakes 350070 meters Squadron is over
I am away from my family doctor
Started
At first from 3 corners
Mr. Koda will head towards the middle of the 34th corner on the 10th Imari 1
It is the first before strong body temperature came out from
Marukala skull finally get off and fly over the first obstacle
Marukarasukaru followed the 63 km or do the books
The curves of the 4 corners that fly lightly
After reading the second place Strong material, the third place is white.
If you climb a hat tornado stamen there from outside
It spreads to the third eaves house Pina 3rd side of the eighth which starts the document examination
Kabuki or 7th place outside Julep
Mizugo Obscene Markara Skull Gyoda City pulled apart case
Second place was 30-40% of strong material.
Jockey lives with No. 15 First 29
The lead that stimulates the hedge in the Marukala skull stand
The next regular bus from the same time and veterinarian
Mini lima comes in three minutes
It is an obstacle toward the top of the airport
It is the second in the city that came second at the top of the Marukarasukaru
It takes three years with puter biscuit dirt
I will buy oak rally from now on Walk under the house
Example inspections that were well hit by Islamic 44th and 5th
I will continue to improve from Marukala skull 6 percussion body newly
It is likely to be one in the school I put in the plane
It is the best and the best helping person third place opening the pier which is Sanbara Tsujida
If you go out and go outside, it will be lined with innocence 4 A thousand species district this fall
It seems to have been sculpted from far until Koshizuo Higashi
No big deal but big league keep
It is said that I dislike
Markaras karas cent 2nd place 23 The originals are third place group in advance
It is lined up
Utah there is a helping person Strong 4th valley getting better
came
We have all walks and sill 10 days after that population
If the city is renewed, the tone will be added later
It is continued with the discussion etc. which can be medium to large Nasrin, and 3 schools start
Even then failure information in the middle of the 34 corners
It was finished without difficulty
Marukarasukaru mind while listening to the lead close to Mr. Nakama
From there is a lead of Chiba City
I came out in front of the stand again because there are four corners
2nd single Lee won and 3 consecutive match against Kida and 6 more to do that
It is the best excellent helper who is praised for racing, and it is 4 in the outside village
Lined with
Suigo will go back again in the future as a shopkeeper Marukala
A lot of skulls sprang to low vibration jumping etc.
Levante shot glass came but last year we are after
There is a new company on the 14th and it is a group from excellent Gifu decision
Fly over obstacles in the Markaras skulls
It is easy to increase ca and attract the royal family as small and low rise once
I will
Marcalar Skull
Cut the card to the right and go from Kushiro to the improvement side
It is obstacle to head to Shirobiki from the stand, but with participation war
Three houses holding a one-point gap over Obermarkaraskull Yukoshi
There is a song that the hand wants to move out because there is about 4 Kamogawa
Helper third place
The minute 4 public magic and NIS are out today from outside today
It came like
Even Taniya will go up
Underneath, there is a gradual advance from the outside and Tenjin Musashi comes up
Rassal 4 provided to hate evil again
Bashing leads the cause of death and leads to Senshu Ward
I will
Come on Marukala skull foot and press to stop service
Issued
It is easy to handle with low cs.
I over-confessed from a miserable aftermath
Move your hand and the fall magic will enter the place where you can relax from the country
It has become especially strong
The lower group is
I bought it to the extent that a serious duty came up from the outside
came
Come on Battle Karasuka Barber Craft but Reed
It's spreading from the heart while spreading more and more
It will take the final failure
We cut the last obstacle of Marukarasukaru and passed the city
Tokai Magic 4 corner is the second to third Yamahara people Shishio third
Take a bath like a server that takes you to the curve of
I live in Paula, but I ate it at 7 am
When it's easy to walk, it's time to go completely alone
4 took place in the large lecture hall after entering the Kascal course and the Shiba course
The school is Marukaru skull where wearing the last spurt Genden
I'm listening
I can not make a decision while I am completely unaware
No Nishitani
The disabled person is also the university president
There was no change in the tendency for the second arrival to decrease
I can not escape from now